Because you are not at ease, big brother's character of not fighting or robbing
So your plan is
If something goes wrong
The marching instructor of the palace
The next day, he will take the First Prince hostage and rebel
Forced father's palace
Right? I also know
These few years
You have countless opportunities to realize this plan
But because the eldest brother does not want to create a rebellion against the father
So right now?
How could you possibly know?
What's wrong with me?
What did you do to him, big brother is dead
left eye
Enter the coach and force the big brother to rebel
Big brother failed to rebel
Died in a consolation phenomenon
Impossible you lied to me I lied to you
Instructor's head
Has been sent outside the city gate
This is his suicide note to you
Because it's for you.
So I sent it to you.
You don't fail to recognize his self, do you?
Concubine Ji Gui
You killed him
Fake is fake
You must have killed him
It must be you.
He was so nice to you.
You treat him like this
I will curse you
Big brother life and death
I don't complain
He is a greeting brother
But this is it.
Let's mourn
Ye Xuan
Do you know why I hate you?
Because of your mother
Because I'm jealous of her
Obviously it's me
Obviously, I fell in love with the emperor first
Obviously it was me when he was still a prince
Right next to him
But why?
It's your mother who sits on this queen's seat
I hate that he always looks soft and weak.
I hate that he's always acting like
Let the disgruntled woman be the company
All he did
It's just to make the emperor care about him
Otherwise, how could you give birth to a little beast like you?
I envy him.
I'm jealous he's going crazy
You'll never understand this feeling
Do you think I want to?
10 years of praise
One day.
But the love of the one you love the most
Share the feelings of others
I can't accept it.
So I had to kill him.
And you.
You've been a beast since you were a kid
Since your mother died
Become like a ghost
There's always something hidden in the house
So young to know to poison my son
So I'm afraid of you
I was terrified.
So I'm going to let you die